# Promise
This is essentially a return object representing an eventual success or failure of an async operation. We see this alot with API calls. We attach promises to callbacks instead of passing callbacks into a function. It allows us to WAIT for some block of code to finish execution. Promises have 3 states:
<ul>
<li>Fulfilled - The success case</li>
<li>Rejected -  The failure case</li>
<li>Pending - Still being handled (some other error)</li>
</ul>

## Promise Chaining
Adding a ```.then()``` creates a promise chain. We can attach our callbacks to the returned promises instead. ```.then()``` takes in 2 optional arguments. The first being a callback function that will be fired upon the promise being successful, the second argument is a callback function that will be fired upon the promise failing. Each .then() returns a promise. <br>
So basically instead of doing this:

```javascript
doSomething(result =>  {
    doSomethingElse(result, newResult => {
        doAThirdThing(newResult, finalResult => {
            console.log("we reached a solution: " + finalResult)
        }, failureCallback)
    }, failureCallback)
}, failureCallback)
```

We can actually do this instead with promises:

```javascript
doSomething().then(result => {
    return doSomethingelse(result)
})
.then(newResult => {
    return doAThirdThing(newResult)
})
.then(finalResult => {
    console.log("We reached a solution: " + finalResult)
})

// this is how we deal wth error handling
.catch(failureCallback)
```

## Making Promises
We can create our own promise with its constructor function. For this to happen we write a new promise and then pass in a callback function which takes in 2 arguments (each is a function) to resolve or reject the promise. The resolve and reject function are both generated by the constructor and generates a new promise. Heres what that may look like:

```javascript
const promise = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    // do something (maybe async activity), then...
    if(/*Everything is cool*/) {
        resolve("it worked")
    } else {
        reject(Error("It broke"))
    }
})
```

## Promises w/ Fetch
The ```fetch()``` method takes in one argument. It lets us grab resources across the network by passing in the path to the resource u want to get. It returns a promise that resolves to the response to that request. An optional 2nd argument you can input are your HTTP methods (GET, POST, DELETE, PUT, etc), headers, body, and more.

